you've got no stock quality about you
there's no charisma no charisma
oh I'm the type of boy who's always on
the run no what did your girlfriend do
what they do that sometimes she said
nothing
sometimes when you get spot-on she joins
in yeah then I can do where he found us
believe it there's nothing to wear I
believe I can fly I believe I can touch
the sky ank you thank you
you came in you called yourself
Champaign you sounded like house wine I
mean that sort of sums up the
performance there you are that's the
problem could you take the glasses off
so we can see what you're all about
that's better you know there's no point
are sitting here pretending that someone
who is a bad sound-alike is gonna do
well that's the reality it's a penny
because the image is really good it
looks like he's works in a poultry
factory he's got two pairs of sunglasses
and a plastic microphone how could you
say the English in which is good what
it's different it's goofy looks like the
deli counter it's saying happy
solutely well that's not it wait no no
honestly champagne it's not good enough
Oh sink champagne champagne champagne
we're gonna say no Oh sweetie
okay Louie yes or no champagne please
yeah that's a pain please okay you're
not gonna change my mind
champagne champagne
real MooMoo Oh in BO it oh and boy it Oh
in boin boin boin boin boin boin a
window a window with Joe and go if I win
the winter window and lo in my with a
window and a window in a window a window
a window
ah with no info window info member with
no window with the window with a window
in a window ye worst group we've ever
had holy soul man so this is never
happened before oh you big thumbs up for
ian's this is my message with my stand
over there sweetheart you run a watch a
really fun song about living Walsh I
presume you're not very busy
come on I got a mystic clear this up so
I guess is it popular it is yeah got 45
members at the moment all pulsing
regular segment yeah but was like eight
sires and hits on the website 45 members
how are you been running for only you
yeah almost are you yeah a minute that's
that's for mum
yeah guys you have to get some help in
can I do this poem this poem is for you
Louie
no one can understand I want you on a
Saturday I long to touch your hand I
want to stroke your Irish smile I want
to comb your hair I'm screaming at the
telly but you don't know that I'm there
right okay so what are you gonna sing -
Louie I'm gonna sing my heart will go on
by Celine Dion this is just for you look
okay well we'll just take a step up on
this one yeah I think we should really
let Louie Heavy's moment you don't mind
thank you like no
defusion say off you go
every night in
my dreams I see you I feel you that is
how I know you go on once more you open
the door and you're here in my heart and
my heart will go on then Oh Vicki that
was very very good very difficult song
to sing and you did a very very well I
think you're saying from the heart I
don't know where my fellow judges occur
you're totally big I thought you were
very very good thanks man
I'm at so much let me yes or no oh
absolutely yes
Simon Sheeran any comment any columns no
it's your call little baby this is on
your shoulders because this is for you
Louis we wouldn't want to steal it from
me well Vicki you're through to the next
round
so congratulations okay another hug
hello stand on the eggs please your name
is Debbie Stephens a Debbie why are you
here today because I've got the X Factor
I know I can win and I've just got it
Lily yeah how good are you I'm amazing
so Debra what are you gonna sing I'm
gonna see when you believe by Whitney's
to Mariah Carey okay
great song there can be miracles when
you believe though hope is frail it's
hard to kill who knows what miracles we
can achieve when you believe somehow you
will you will when you believe Thank You
Debra what she does good um your voice
is okay you've got no star quality about
you there's no charisma no charisma
yeah I agree was Sharon a bit pub singer
ish I thought really yeah I felt your
confidence was slightly deluded
Debra the reality is you're not very
good now you know what you were the
whimper one person I didn't want to see
today because I really want to slap you
now but you are not a good suit I'm not
a good singer that is why I've been a
singers into a six-year-old and everyone
I've ever met people who don't even like
me have come up to me and tell me I've
got an amazing voice you can't bloody
see me I don't want to be a saint I
don't really care what you think you
can't sing you have no talent
get out all right Louis yes or no
absolutely 100% rubbish she's got a
really bad attitude I think it will
never be a star in the music that I did
not like that I'll never be a star I'm
already successful ever ever
Sharon decides to remove her from the
room but Deb is not finished yet I
really want to throw your water on it
Debbie storms back in new he sees what's
coming I saw it coming
I saw that car my mum she what she was
going to do to me
you sure what overcommit yes before she
did it to me he's still not supposed to
do that you can't throw water over the
singer she was doing it to me she didn't
use her over her she was doing to me no
no no that dreams are hard to follow but
don't let anyone tell them more
yeah hold oh and there will be tomorrow
in time you'll find all so sharply I've
gotta stop this it is so way off way off
Mariah Carey it is my voice is what the
wine but now you did you need a help
line when I am down and oh my soul so
weary when troubles come my burdened be
I am still
away you raise me up so I can stand on
mountains you raise me up to walk on
stormy seas I am strong when I am on
your show
you raise me up so I can stand on
mountains you raise me up to walk on
stormy sea raise me up to more than I
can be you raise me up so I can stand on
mountains you raise me up to more than I
can be
thank you we want a second song no no no
no no Excel you is a sleeping aid I've
never heard anything more boring in my
life okay how are you fine fine
Warren yeah all right Warren okay hope
you get like a tight rope we have had
read your name across the sky I'm going
crazy just to let you know you'd be
amazed how much I love you so long baby
when you get your hands on me I won't
let go this time
I know it's for real I don't actually
have another song pit but gobo
we won't encourage it by the look in
your eye I can tell you're gonna cry
is it over me if it is save your tears
for I'm not worth it you see for I'm the
type of boy who's always on the run know
wherever I lay my hat that's my home I'm
telling you that's my home
good well that's the worst we've had
today can I just ask you one question
David who was the person that told you
you could sing some somebody works homie
I've got a good voice
was it a bloke yes it's whining you are
hi guys hi are you Jill
if you don't they come in I load off and
I'll never get me communal oh this is
your daughter-in-law oh you don't think
oh nothing
no no and who goes Lorraine this is your
ring oh why why are you with her I'm
just a mother-in-law
okay my support oh yeah yeah is she any
good well I think so really
okay you just stand over there right
okay so Lorraine have you got the X
Factor I have why are you going to sing
I'm going to sing begin the beguine off
you go thank you I'm with you once more
under the stars and down by the shore
and orchestras play even the palms seem
to be swaying
when they begin the beguine are you very
much terrain it's lovely to me
well what did you think they were a
lifeless what did you think I liked it
all
would you buy her record yes bit biased
um okay look I've concentrated on the
singing ler and I mean there are other
issues I mean you know lack of
personality performance all those things
he just it was it was terrible
okay we're gonna sum this up I'm saying
no I'm gonna have to say no I mean Simon
yes I know absolutely I'm afraid gonna
have to say no Lorraine the
competition's over for Lorraine but
mother-in-law Edna isn't happy with
Simon he says no cuz he laughed he
laughed initially left
Edna can't contain herself he shattered
dreams across the globe but this time
mr. nasty has gone too far one of the
most powerful men in music is about to
meet his match
Edna Sam what have I done what have you
do go on what did I do it won't you
laugh I always you know you don't know
no you do no I apologize oh no Simon you
want to all gee whiz
listen listen I remember this is really
embarrassing
listen okay you think you're better than
anybody I think you was very ignorant
yes you were ignorant Tyler
sorry
what are we done to the world look what
we've done what about all the peace that
you pledged your only Son did you ever
stop to notice all the children dead for
war did you ever stop to notice its
crying at the sweeping sure
ah
but sorry yeah 2,000 bucks
I thought that was a fair thought that's
a solid wall oh wow that's our what it
doesn't it sure no it doesn't it
Oh what the hell was that Wow my voice
is in there sorry to say seriously I am
a true performer I've been in karaoke
finals without looking the screen and
I've had 95% of the audience on my side
I'm going to be honest with you all
occur it is one of the worst I've ever
ever heard this way I'm tired of crying
and all you Lane that's why I am buying
or if sir to you my chain nose just like
I'm gonna stop something it's not yours
really sir there is a little bit of a
charisma problem John that's my main
concern I don't think you would excite
an audience to me he's so intelligent
he's so confident my baby so very sexy
my baby pulled the thief on me my baby
knows just what to do
he got me money past a hundred and two
just give me
what the hell was that means I thought
it was a little no big cats three cats
late at night I mean that was absolutely
diabolical listen to your heart when
he's talking to you I don't know where
you going and I don't know why listen to
your heart before you tell him goodbye
your problem is
cut low Anna is that you don't sing like
a human being
no use your voice sounds like a little
sheep yeah it does it sounds like a
no-brainer
yeah you don't sound like a human and
that is the fundamental problem we have
here you look great but you sound awful
hi are you thank you very well okay what
are you gonna sing
we're going to sing what I did for love
from the show a chorus line wonderful
great song kiss today goodbye
I the sweetness and the sorrow
all wish me luck the same to you
oh but I can't regret what I eat guys
guys Thank You Louie I don't know what
to say it was different we are different
you're very very odd way I think you're
a very odd couple just odd looking
around doing everything I could imagine
you outside my house at Christmastime
singing silent night dress that dress
star I'm not getting any money no a bit
Indian but I think that's it for me
ooh ooh everybody's singing everybody
dance lose yourselves you wild romance
we're going to party garam Fiesta
forever come on and sing my song yeah Oh
night Oh Oh night Oh night no yes feel
good feel good feel good thank you
what did your girlfriend do when you do
that sometimes she said nothing
sometimes gonna get it spot-on she joins
in she must love you very much
she does I had no idea why you
auditioned for the show I've got
absolutely no idea why you've had any
encouragement whatsoever it's about as
bad as it can possibly get know where I
come from you know my story I'm here to
make it please make you right well I
know that I can foolish but I promise
you no more
I found it found it something were eaten
for I'm not here to say I'm sorry I'm
not here I you I'm here to say I'm sorry
I've got to stop that who did you sing
this song to before you got here today
yeah my family huh hold on what did they
say
I wasn't always good at we but they said
it was good yeah whatever me and mrs.
Jones
hmm we've got a fee going on we both
know that is wrong but it's much too
strong to let it go now we meet every
day at the same cafe 6:30 I know one Oh
she'll be there holding hands making all
kinds of plans while the gypos plays our
favori saw me
and mrs. mrs. Jones mrs. Jones mrs.
Jones mr. Steven you've got one of the
weirdest voices I've ever heard in my
life
it is a bit strange it's very it more
than a bit strange it's really weird in
what way bizarre
we'll have no power in your voice at all
there's no strength nothing I mean if if
you were to sing in a place but there
was no microphone nobody could hear you
you here's how it goes you with me
hopping down but maybe this style will
get right versified cuz love is
something you can shape when it breaks
all it takes is some trying if you feel
like a leaving I'm gonna beg you to stay
soon you'll be finding mm-hmm you can
run you can hide but you can't escape my
love Thank You Dennis on the common
choice relation channel on the can
change stopped broke down a kind of
place to put your hands in the air you
don't go changin yeah put them in the
air now
hey baby hmm oh I wanna know if you be
marking so free four five six seven
eight I wanna know if you be marking
okay all right thank you I'm puzzled how
many times have you sung in public
hundreds hundreds you know what's the
normal reaction they love me everywhere
I go okay
the problem is Frankie is that you are
an atrocious sinner absolutely atrocious
come on sexy lady you want me again you
know it come on sexy lady come on let's
dance sexy lady you look a little shady
come on sexy lady c'mon make love sexy
lady I'd love sexy lady you're mine sexy
lady tonight
goodbye sexy lady was fly sexy lady
that's it sexy lady arrives it's as bad
as I've ever heard
I'm in every part of the hill Titian was
horrific
I am NOT
ladies enough for me
by you
you're so me angry
you